Title: DepressionDepression definition:It is a mood disorder that causes a continuous feeling of sadness, loss of pleasure, loss of interest in usual things, and a lack of focus. It may be accompanied by feelings of guilt, insignificance, and a lack of self-esteem. The disease affects feelings, thinking, and behaviour, causing many emotional and physical problems, which in turn affect the performance of daily activities. Despair of life and thinking of suicide and possibly committing it in advanced cases.Possible Causes of depression:• Family history.• Personality type: such as a person who worries a lot, suffers from a lack of self-confidence, blames himself a lot, and so on.• Ongoing life difficulties (such as: work pressures, loneliness for a long time, exposure to violence ... and others) may cause depression.Symptoms of depression:During a depressive episode, a person experiences a depressed mood (feeling sad, irritable, empty). They may feel a loss of pleasure or interest in activities.A depressive episode is different from regular mood fluctuations. They last most of the day, nearly every day, for at least two weeks.Other symptoms are also present, which may include:• poor concentration• feelings of excessive guilt or low self-worth• hopelessness about the future• thoughts about dying or suicide• disrupted sleep• changes in appetite or weight• feeling very tired or low in energy.• Tendency to isolate.• Lack of interest in duties at work or school.• Stay away from family and close friends.There are some cases accompanied by symptoms similar to symptoms of depression (such as:  lack of vitamins such as vitamin D), so it is necessary to check the health status before diagnosing depression.Difference between sadness and depression: When losses occur in life that are difficult for a person to bear (such as: the death of a loved one, the loss of a job, the end of relationships, etc.), it is normal for him to become sad, and the person may describe himself as suffering from depression.In fact, feeling sad is not the same as depression. Sadness is natural and varies from person to person. It is similar to depression in some of its characteristics such as frowning, isolation, etc., and they differ in several respects:How to manage and deal with depression:• Make sure to practice physical activity.• Spending time with friends and family, asking for help from them, and avoiding isolation.• Read and learn more about depression.• Journaling and writing help to release feelings and feel better.• Learn relaxation and stress management techniques (such as: meditation, muscle relaxation, and yoga).• Simplify daily tasks and set achievable goals to avoid frustration.• Organize time, make a list of daily achievements and their dates.• Avoid making important decisions when feeling depressed.